units at three four nine Sarah are you
done with a supreme Dalek look at me I
am the supreme Dalek do as I say or you
disturb a blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah
what is it there's there's something
underway
what are you talking about there is no
wing it's a planet asylum
clearly you are completely insane oMG
WTF see what I mean hey hey hey want to
know how I got these scars
oh but that process take five gun tobei
well it all began home scar where cyber
on side of everyone you lie exterminate
that's one more the scum down I think we
did a good job today didn't we
Ross I think you have a serious problem
when may up - shipped you are
that's like oversight so I seem to think
and that
oh please sub autistics